docs/deployment.md, before:

# Deployment and Operations Runbook

This repository now deploys both services natively on Cloudflare in one workflow:

- Backend API: Cloudflare Worker (`wrangler.jsonc`)
- Frontend dashboard: Cloudflare Container Worker (`dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc` + `dashboard/Dockerfile`)

## Architecture

### Runtime topology

1. Browser sends traffic to the dashboard Worker domain.
2. Dashboard Worker (`dashboard/worker/index.ts`) routes:
   - `/api/*` and `/auth/*` to the backend Worker over a Cloudflare service binding (`OWOKX_BACKEND`).
   - all other paths to the running dashboard container instance (`DashboardUi` class).
3. Backend Worker serves API, Durable Objects, D1, KV, and R2 workloads.

### Why this design

- No external Kubernetes cluster is required.
- Service-to-service traffic stays on Cloudflare's internal network via service bindings.
- Dashboard remains Dockerized, but orchestration and rollout are handled by Cloudflare Containers.

## One-Click Deployment

Trigger from local CLI:

```bash
npm run deploy:oneclick -- --env production --components all
```

Options:

- `--env staging|production`
- `--components all|worker|dashboard`
- `--repo owner/repo`
- `--ref <branch>`

Dispatcher implementation: `scripts/deploy.ts`
Workflow: `.github/workflows/deploy-oneclick.yml`

## Cloudflare Container Configuration

Primary dashboard container config: `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`

Key fields:

- `containers[].image`: points to `./Dockerfile`
- `containers[].max_instances`: horizontal capacity ceiling
- `containers[].instance_type`: container sizing tier
- `containers[].rollout_step_percentage`: progressive rollout steps
- `containers[].rollout_active_grace_period`: health stabilization between rollout steps
- `durable_objects.bindings`: binds the container class (`DashboardUi`)
- `services`: binds backend Worker as `OWOKX_BACKEND`
- `env.production.services[].environment`: targets backend production environment via service binding

Template: `dashboard/wrangler.container.example.jsonc`

## Docker Integration and Image Management

Dashboard image source:

- Dockerfile: `dashboard/Dockerfile`
- Web server config: `dashboard/nginx.conf`

Operational behavior:

- Cloudflare builds and deploys the container image during `wrangler deploy --config dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`.
- Container lifecycle is controlled by `sleepAfter`, `max_instances`, and progressive rollout settings.
- Health endpoint used for runtime checks: `/health`.

Optional image mirror workflow (for registry retention/audit): `.github/workflows/container-dashboard.yml`.

## Service Mesh Configuration

Service mesh here is implemented with Cloudflare service bindings:

- Dashboard Worker binding: `OWOKX_BACKEND`
- Binding target (staging): `owokx`
- Binding target (production): `owokx` + `environment = "production"`

This removes public-origin dependency between frontend and backend and keeps internal API traffic private to Cloudflare.

## Environment Variables and Secrets

GitHub Environment Secrets (required):

- `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`

GitHub Environment Secrets (optional but recommended):

- `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
- `OWOKX_VERIFY_TOKEN` (used for authenticated post-deploy verification)

GitHub Environment Variables (required for post-deploy checks):

- `OWOKX_WORKER_URL`
- `OWOKX_DASHBOARD_URL`

Worker runtime secrets and vars remain defined in:

- `wrangler.jsonc`
- `wrangler secret put ...`

## Deployment Orchestration Flow

`deploy-oneclick.yml` executes:

1. Creates GitHub deployment record.
2. Runs worker quality gates (`typecheck`, `test:ci`, `check`).
3. Runs dashboard checks.
4. Captures current Worker and dashboard deployment versions.
5. Applies remote D1 migrations.
6. Deploys backend Worker.
7. Deploys dashboard container Worker.
8. Runs deployment verification (`scripts/verify-deployment.mjs`).
9. Uploads artifacts (`deploy-report.json`, `deploy-verification.json`).
10. Marks deployment success/failure in GitHub.
11. Auto-rolls back previous versions on failure.

## Lifecycle Management

Dashboard container lifecycle controls:

- Idle sleep policy: `sleepAfter` in `DashboardUi` class (`dashboard/worker/index.ts`)
- Capacity guardrail: `max_instances` in `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`
- Progressive rollout and grace period: container rollout fields in wrangler config

Backend lifecycle controls:

- Versioned Worker deployments (`wrangler deployments list`)
- Version rollback (`wrangler rollback <version_id> --name <worker-name>`)

## Monitoring and Status Feedback

Health endpoints:

- Backend: `/health`
- Dashboard: `/health`
- Routed API via dashboard: `/api/status`, `/api/swarm/health`

Operational endpoints:

- Backend swarm/metrics/status endpoints under `/swarm/*` and `/agent/*`

Automated feedback:

- GitHub Deployment status (in_progress, success, failure)
- GitHub Step Summary with target/environment metadata
- Artifact uploads with verification and deployment reports

## Rollback Procedures

Automatic rollback runs on workflow failure when previous versions were captured.

Manual rollback commands:

```bash
# List backend deployments
npx wrangler deployments list --name owokx-production --json

# Roll back backend
npx wrangler rollback <backend_version_id> --name owokx-production

# List dashboard deployments
npx wrangler deployments list --name owokx-dashboard-production --json

# Roll back dashboard
npx wrangler rollback <dashboard_version_id> --name owokx-dashboard-production
```

Use non-`-production` names for staging (`owokx`, `owokx-dashboard`).

## Testing and Deployment Verification

Pre-deploy local checks:

```bash
pnpm run typecheck
pnpm run test:ci
pnpm run check
pnpm --dir dashboard run check
```

Post-deploy verification script:

```bash
node scripts/verify-deployment.mjs \
  --worker-url https://<worker-domain> \
  --dashboard-url https://<dashboard-domain> \
  --token <read-or-trade-token> \
  --strict-auth true \
  --json-output deploy-verification.json
```

Verification coverage includes:

- backend health
- dashboard health
- dashboard-to-backend API routing (`/api/status`, `/api/swarm/health`)
- auth route forwarding (`/auth/session`)

## Production Readiness Checklist

1. `wrangler.jsonc` resources are correct for production bindings.
2. `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc` includes production service binding override.
3. GitHub `production` environment has required secrets/vars.
4. D1 migrations are reviewed and backward-compatible.
5. Rollback command owners are on-call.
6. Verification URLs point to production domains.
7. One-click workflow is triggered with `--components all`.

## Reference Files

- Backend Worker config: `wrangler.jsonc`
- Dashboard container Worker config: `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`
- Dashboard service-binding router: `dashboard/worker/index.ts`
- Dashboard image build: `dashboard/Dockerfile`
- Dashboard web server config: `dashboard/nginx.conf`
- One-click workflow: `.github/workflows/deploy-oneclick.yml`
- Deploy dispatcher: `scripts/deploy.ts`
- Deploy verifier: `scripts/verify-deployment.mjs`

## Cloudflare References

- Workers + Containers architecture: https://developers.cloudflare.com/containers/
- Build first containerized Worker: https://developers.cloudflare.com/containers/get-started/
- Service bindings: https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/

Commit message:

feat(broker): add Polymarket CLOB provider with failover support
Add support for Polymarket as a new broker provider alongside Alpaca and OKX. The implementation includes:

- New Polymarket provider with full trading and market data integration
- Broker failover system with configurable fallback provider
- Updated configuration schemas and environment variables
- Dashboard UI updates to display broker errors
- Comprehensive documentation and deployment guidance
- Test coverage for authentication, symbol mapping, and provider integration

The provider uses Polymarket's CLOB API for order execution and Data API for position snapshots. Order signing can be handled via external signer service. Broker failover allows automatic fallback to secondary provider during outages, with configurable trading fallback to prevent cross-venue duplicate orders.

docs/deployment.md, after:

# Deployment and Operations Runbook

This repository now deploys both services natively on Cloudflare in one workflow:

- Backend API: Cloudflare Worker (`wrangler.jsonc`)
- Frontend dashboard: Cloudflare Container Worker (`dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc` + `dashboard/Dockerfile`)

## Architecture

### Runtime topology

1. Browser sends traffic to the dashboard Worker domain.
2. Dashboard Worker (`dashboard/worker/index.ts`) routes:
   - `/api/*` and `/auth/*` to the backend Worker over a Cloudflare service binding (`OWOKX_BACKEND`).
   - all other paths to the running dashboard container instance (`DashboardUi` class).
3. Backend Worker serves API, Durable Objects, D1, KV, and R2 workloads.

### Why this design

- No external Kubernetes cluster is required.
- Service-to-service traffic stays on Cloudflare's internal network via service bindings.
- Dashboard remains Dockerized, but orchestration and rollout are handled by Cloudflare Containers.

## One-Click Deployment

Trigger from local CLI:

```bash
npm run deploy:oneclick -- --env production --components all
```

Options:

- `--env staging|production`
- `--components all|worker|dashboard`
- `--repo owner/repo`
- `--ref <branch>`

Dispatcher implementation: `scripts/deploy.ts`
Workflow: `.github/workflows/deploy-oneclick.yml`

## Cloudflare Container Configuration

Primary dashboard container config: `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`

Key fields:

- `containers[].image`: points to `./Dockerfile`
- `containers[].max_instances`: horizontal capacity ceiling
- `containers[].instance_type`: container sizing tier
- `containers[].rollout_step_percentage`: progressive rollout steps
- `containers[].rollout_active_grace_period`: health stabilization between rollout steps
- `durable_objects.bindings`: binds the container class (`DashboardUi`)
- `services`: binds backend Worker as `OWOKX_BACKEND`
- `env.production.services[].environment`: targets backend production environment via service binding

Template: `dashboard/wrangler.container.example.jsonc`

## Docker Integration and Image Management

Dashboard image source:

- Dockerfile: `dashboard/Dockerfile`
- Web server config: `dashboard/nginx.conf`

Operational behavior:

- Cloudflare builds and deploys the container image during `wrangler deploy --config dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`.
- Container lifecycle is controlled by `sleepAfter`, `max_instances`, and progressive rollout settings.
- Health endpoint used for runtime checks: `/health`.

Optional image mirror workflow (for registry retention/audit): `.github/workflows/container-dashboard.yml`.

## Service Mesh Configuration

Service mesh here is implemented with Cloudflare service bindings:

- Dashboard Worker binding: `OWOKX_BACKEND`
- Binding target (staging): `owokx`
- Binding target (production): `owokx` + `environment = "production"`

This removes public-origin dependency between frontend and backend and keeps internal API traffic private to Cloudflare.

## Environment Variables and Secrets

GitHub Environment Secrets (required):

- `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN`

GitHub Environment Secrets (optional but recommended):

- `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID`
- `OWOKX_VERIFY_TOKEN` (used for authenticated post-deploy verification)

GitHub Environment Variables (required for post-deploy checks):

- `OWOKX_WORKER_URL`
- `OWOKX_DASHBOARD_URL`

Worker runtime secrets and vars remain defined in:

- `wrangler.jsonc`
- `wrangler secret put ...`

Broker rollout note:

- To stage a Polymarket rollout safely, deploy with `BROKER_PROVIDER=polymarket` and set `BROKER_FALLBACK_PROVIDER` to your current broker.
- Keep `BROKER_FALLBACK_ALLOW_TRADING=false` during initial bake-in so only read paths fail over.
- Set `POLYMARKET_DATA_API_URL` only if you need a non-default Polymarket Data API endpoint.

## Deployment Orchestration Flow

`deploy-oneclick.yml` executes:

1. Creates GitHub deployment record.
2. Runs worker quality gates (`typecheck`, `test:ci`, `check`).
3. Runs dashboard checks.
4. Captures current Worker and dashboard deployment versions.
5. Applies remote D1 migrations.
6. Deploys backend Worker.
7. Deploys dashboard container Worker.
8. Runs deployment verification (`scripts/verify-deployment.mjs`).
9. Uploads artifacts (`deploy-report.json`, `deploy-verification.json`).
10. Marks deployment success/failure in GitHub.
11. Auto-rolls back previous versions on failure.

## Lifecycle Management

Dashboard container lifecycle controls:

- Idle sleep policy: `sleepAfter` in `DashboardUi` class (`dashboard/worker/index.ts`)
- Capacity guardrail: `max_instances` in `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`
- Progressive rollout and grace period: container rollout fields in wrangler config

Backend lifecycle controls:

- Versioned Worker deployments (`wrangler deployments list`)
- Version rollback (`wrangler rollback <version_id> --name <worker-name>`)

## Monitoring and Status Feedback

Health endpoints:

- Backend: `/health`
- Dashboard: `/health`
- Routed API via dashboard: `/api/status`, `/api/swarm/health`

Operational endpoints:

- Backend swarm/metrics/status endpoints under `/swarm/*` and `/agent/*`
- Broker failover events are emitted as structured logs with `[broker-fallback]` prefix for alerting/search.

Automated feedback:

- GitHub Deployment status (in_progress, success, failure)
- GitHub Step Summary with target/environment metadata
- Artifact uploads with verification and deployment reports

## Rollback Procedures

Automatic rollback runs on workflow failure when previous versions were captured.

Manual rollback commands:

```bash
# List backend deployments
npx wrangler deployments list --name owokx-production --json

# Roll back backend
npx wrangler rollback <backend_version_id> --name owokx-production

# List dashboard deployments
npx wrangler deployments list --name owokx-dashboard-production --json

# Roll back dashboard
npx wrangler rollback <dashboard_version_id> --name owokx-dashboard-production
```

Use non-`-production` names for staging (`owokx`, `owokx-dashboard`).

## Testing and Deployment Verification

Pre-deploy local checks:

```bash
pnpm run typecheck
pnpm run test:ci
pnpm run check
pnpm --dir dashboard run check
```

Post-deploy verification script:

```bash
node scripts/verify-deployment.mjs \
  --worker-url https://<worker-domain> \
  --dashboard-url https://<dashboard-domain> \
  --token <read-or-trade-token> \
  --strict-auth true \
  --json-output deploy-verification.json
```

Verification coverage includes:

- backend health
- dashboard health
- dashboard-to-backend API routing (`/api/status`, `/api/swarm/health`)
- auth route forwarding (`/auth/session`)

## Production Readiness Checklist

1. `wrangler.jsonc` resources are correct for production bindings.
2. `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc` includes production service binding override.
3. GitHub `production` environment has required secrets/vars.
4. D1 migrations are reviewed and backward-compatible.
5. Rollback command owners are on-call.
6. Verification URLs point to production domains.
7. One-click workflow is triggered with `--components all`.

## Reference Files

- Backend Worker config: `wrangler.jsonc`
- Dashboard container Worker config: `dashboard/wrangler.container.jsonc`
- Dashboard service-binding router: `dashboard/worker/index.ts`
- Dashboard image build: `dashboard/Dockerfile`
- Dashboard web server config: `dashboard/nginx.conf`
- One-click workflow: `.github/workflows/deploy-oneclick.yml`
- Deploy dispatcher: `scripts/deploy.ts`
- Deploy verifier: `scripts/verify-deployment.mjs`

## Cloudflare References

- Workers + Containers architecture: https://developers.cloudflare.com/containers/
- Build first containerized Worker: https://developers.cloudflare.com/containers/get-started/
- Service bindings: https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/service-bindings/
